1. "contributors" 

(boolean) This field will only be populated if the user has contributors enabled on his 
or her account.

2. "truncated": 

(boolean) Indicates whether the value of the text parameter was truncated, 
for example, as a result of a retweet exceeding the 140 character Tweet length. Truncated 
text will end in ellipsis, like this ... 

Since Twitter now rejects long Tweets vs truncating them, the large majority of Tweets 
will have this set to false. Note that while native retweets may have their toplevel text 
property shortened, the original text will be available under the retweeted_status object 
and the truncated parameter will be set to the value of the original status (in most 
cases, false).

3. "text"

(String) Tweet content

4. "is_quote_status"

5. "in_reply_to_status_id"

(Int64) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the integer representation 
of the original Tweet’s ID.

6. "id"

(Int64) The integer representation of the unique identifier for this Tweet. This number is 
greater than 53 bits and some programming languages may have difficulty/silent defects 
in interpreting it. Using a signed 64 bit integer for storing this identifier is safe. 

7. "favorite_count"

(Int) Indicates approximately how many times a Tweet has been “liked” by Twitter users.
 
8. "source"

(String) Utility used to post the Tweet, as an HTML-formatted string. Tweets from the 
Twitter website have a source value of web.

9. "retweeted"

(boolean) Indicates whether a Tweet has been retweeted by the authenticating user.
 
10. "coordinates"

(floats) The longitude and latitude of the Tweet’s location, as an collection in the 
form of [longitude, latitude]. 
 
11. "timestamp_ms"

12. "entities"

Entities provide metadata and additional contextual information about content posted 
on Twitter. Entities are never divorced from the content they describe. In API v1.1, 
entities are returned wherever Tweets are found in the API. Entities are instrumental 
in resolving URLs.


13. "entities"-"user_mentions"

(Array of Object) Represents other Twitter users mentioned in the text of the Tweet.

"entities"-"user_mentions"-"id"
(Int)ID of the mentioned user, as an integer.

14. "entities"-"user_mentions"-"indices"

(Array of integer) An array of integers representing the offsets within the Tweet text 
where the user reference begins and ends. The first integer represents the location of 
the ‘@’ character of the user mention. The second integer represents the location of the 
first non-screenname character following the user mention.

15. "entities"-"user_mentions"-"id_str"

(Int) Id of the mentioned user, as a Int.

16."entities"-"user_mentions"-"screen_name"

(String) Screen name of the referenced user. 

17. "entities"-"user_mentions"-"name"

(String)  Display name of the referenced user.

18. "entities"-"symbols"

19. "entities"-"hashtags"

(String) Represents hashtags which have been parsed out of the Tweet text.

20. "entities"-"urls"

(String) Represents URLs included in the text of a Tweet or within textual fields 
of a user object.

21. "in_reply_to_screen_name"

(String) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the screen name 
of the original Tweet’s author.

22. "id_str"

(String) The string representation of the ID of the user who contributed to this Tweet.

23. "retweet_count"

(Int) Number of times this Tweet has been retweeted. This field is no longer capped at 
99 and will not turn into a String for “100+”		
 
24. "in_reply_to_user_id"
 
(Int) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the integer 
representation of the original Tweet’s author ID. This will not necessarily always be 
the user directly mentioned in the Tweet.

25. "favorited"

(boolean)Indicates whether this Tweet has been liked by the authenticating user.

26. "user"

(Array of Object) The user who posted the Tweet

27. "user"-"follow_request_sent"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the authenticating user has issued a follow request 
to this protected user account.

28. "user"-"profile_use_background_image"

(boolean) When true, indicates the user wants their uploaded background image to be used.

29. "user"-"default_profile_image"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the user has not uploaded their own avatar and a 
default egg avatar is used instead.

30. "user"-"id"

(Int)The integer representation of the unique identifier for this User. 

31. "user"-"verified"

When true, indicates that the user has a verified account.

32. "user"-"profile_image_url_https"

(String) A HTTPS-based URL pointing to the user’s avatar image.

33. "user"-"profile_sidebar_fill_color"

(String) The hexadecimal color the user has chosen to display sidebar backgrounds with 
in their Twitter UI.

34. "user"-"profile_text_color"

(String) The hexadecimal color the user has chosen to display text with in their Twitter UI.

35. "user"-"followers_count"

(Int) The number of followers this account currently has. Under certain conditions of 
duress, this field will temporarily indicate “0.”

36. "user"-"profile_sidebar_border_color"

(String) The hexadecimal color the user has chosen to display sidebar borders with in 
their Twitter UI.

37. "user"-"id_str"

(String) The string representation of the unique identifier for this User. Implementations 
should use this rather than the large, possibly un-consumable integer in id.

38. "user"-"profile_background_color"

(String) The hexadecimal color chosen by the user for their background.

39. "user"-"listed_count"

(Int) The number of public lists that this user is a member of.

40. "user"-"profile_background_image_url_https"

(String) A HTTPS-based URL pointing to the background image the user has uploaded for 
their profile.

41. "user"-"utc_offset"

(Int) The offset from GMT/UTC in seconds.

42. "user"-"statuses_count"

(Int) The number of tweets (including retweets) issued by the user.

43. "user"-"description"

(String) The user-defined UTF-8 string describing their account.

44. "user"-"friends_count"

(Int) The number of users this account is following (AKA their “followings”). Under 
certain conditions of duress, this field will temporarily indicate “0.”

45. "user"-"location"

(String) The user-defined location for this account’s profile. Not necessarily a 
location nor parseable. This field will occasionally be fuzzily interpreted by the 
Search service.

46. "user"-"profile_link_color"

(String) The hexadecimal color the user has chosen to display links with in their 
Twitter UI.

47. "user"-"profile_image_url"

(String) A HTTP-based URL pointing to the user’s avatar image. 

48. "user"-"following"

(String) When true, indicates that the authenticating user is following this user. 
Some false negatives are possible when set to “false,” but these false negatives are 
increasingly being represented as “null” instead.

49. "user"-"geo_enabled"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the user has enabled the possibility of geotagging 
their Tweets. 

50. "user"-"profile_banner_url"

(String) The HTTPS-based URL pointing to the standard web representation of the user’s 
uploaded profile banner.

51. "user"-"profile_background_image_url"

(Sring) A HTTP-based URL pointing to the background image the user has uploaded for their 
profile.

52. "user"-"name"

(String) The name of the user, as they’ve defined it. Not necessarily a person’s name. 
Typically capped at 20 characters, but subject to change.

53. "user"-"lang"

(String) The BCP 47 code for the user’s self-declared user interface language. May or 
may not have anything to do with the content of their Tweets.

53. "user"-"profile_background_tile"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the user’s profile_background_image_url should be 
tiled when displayed.

54. "user"-"favourites_count"

(Int) The number of tweets this user has favorited in the account’s lifetime. 
British spelling used in the field name for historical reasons.

55. "user"-"screen_name"

(String) The screen name, handle, or alias that this user identifies themselves with. 
screen_names are unique but subject to change. Use id_str as a user identifier whenever 
possible. Typically a maximum of 15 characters long, but some historical accounts may 
exist with longer names.

56. "user"-"notifications"

(boolean) Nullable. Deprecated. May incorrectly report “false” at times. Indicates whether the 
authenticated user has chosen to receive this user’s tweets by SMS.

57. "user"-"url"

(String) A URL provided by the user in association with their profile.

58. "user"-"created_at"

(String) The UTC datetime that the user account was created on Twitter.

59. "user"-"contributors_enabled"

(boolean) Indicates that the user has an account with “contributor mode” enabled, 
allowing for Tweets issued by the user to be co-authored by another account. 

60. "user"-"time_zone"

(String) A string describing the Time Zone this user declares themselves within.

61. "user"-"protected"

(boolean) When true, indicates that this user has chosen to protect their Tweets. 

62. "user"-"default_profile"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the user has not altered the theme or background of 
their user profile.

63. "user"-"is_translator"

(boolean) When true, indicates that the user is a participant in Twitter’s translator 
community.

64. "geo"

(Float)	Deprecated. Nullable. Use the “coordinates” field instead. 

65. "in_reply_to_user_id_str"

(String) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the 
string representation of the original Tweet’s author ID. This will not necessarily 
always be the user directly mentioned in the Tweet.

66. "lang"

(String) When present, indicates a BCP 47 language identifier corresponding to the 
machine-detected language of the Tweet text, or “und” if no language could be 
detected.

67. "created_at"

(String) UTC time when this Tweet was created.

68. "filter_level"
	
(String) Indicates the maximum value of the filter_level parameter which may be used
and still stream this Tweet. So a value of medium will be streamed on none, low, and 
medium streams.
 
69. "in_reply_to_status_id_str"

(String) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the string 
representation of the original Tweet’s ID.
 
70. "place"

When present, indicates that the tweet is associated (but not necessarily originating 
from) a Place.

71. "entities"-"sizes"

(Array of Object) An object showing available sizes for the media file.

